Input,Output
,Zato Three days...I will not permit any more!*
"Millia Sleepless night, sleep medication, and a body pillow, am I correct?","Zato I love silky skin, guilty as charged."
"They're much softer and more obedient, and their bodies can be quite the weapon if trained properly.",Zato Relief could be obtained from embracing a doll...
"Millia And if I did, would it absolutely kill you?","Zato If there was murderous intent in your embrace to kill me, dying wouldn't be too bad."
Millia Hey...what were you doing just now?,Zato I was just counting something....Carrie...Trevor...Macalore...
Millia What is that?,Zato They're the names of dead members...my subordinates...
Millia You're not possessed by dead Assassins are you? Don't joke around with something bothersome like that!,"Zato They were good men; I was fortunate to have them, but it's regrettable..."
Millia So you doubt yourself...if you don't go to bed I'll pull your tongue out...,Zato The real joke is that you have a fancy of pulling with deadly fingers--
Millia Don't joke around! Assassins can't find happiness! Is that what you think?,Zato ...It seems that way...
Millia An Assassin's path may walk in the Night. Possibly even obtain glory. But happiness?...Happiness is something we'll never obtain.,Zato Why would that be...?
Millia Happiness is a choice you make along the road. Happiness can only be chosen because of unhappiness or failure. That's why Assassins can only walk the path of an Assassin.,Zato There might be another path you know...
Millia What are you saying? With the kind of body you have...?,Zato ...Are you jealous?
"Millia Not jealous, anyway, you're fondling my hair, please stop...",Zato A refusal...such harsh deadly words from someone so beautiful.
Millia I don't get you...you desire me? So you want the embrace of a Kinjuu assassin doll?,Zato You...is that what you wish for?
"Millia Killing time...Your fingers are cold. Also your arms, shoulders, they're smooth, stiff, and hard...*Note this has sexual connotations.*",Zato ...Forget it...
Millia ...I can't just forget...,Zato Millia...don't you want to create a time of happiness with me?
Millia What a funny joke!,"Zato It's a dream, even if it's a worthless dream."
"Millia Just like a man. Even if it exists in darkness, you can't forget the dream?","Zato In that case, my dream exists for you to see as well."
Millia Despite being a man...and you love beautiful hair? Jealous? At this rate your dream will never fly and get crushed.,Zato That's fine for now.
Millia He's calling...,"Zato Over, huh? How'd he get wind of this..."
"Millia Ah, Good morning, Venom.","Venom Master Zato's in, I presume?"
Millia Oh my! Is that morning bloodlust?,"Venom Master Zato's person is very important! If you insist on these playful night excursions, you will be disciplined! *Venom's wording is complex regarding this matter, but by 'discipline' he refers to her having to contend with him personally.*"
"Millia I'm not that man's keeper, and neither are you.",Venom Untrue. The safety of Master Zato is my top-most duty and priority. Move aside!
"Venom It's fine, I simply wish to review the Mission Detail with you.",Zato Hoh.
"Venom If you don't mind, this will be the meeting point.",Zato Understood.
"Millia Go on ahead, I'll join you after my shower.",Zato Understood...Wait.
"Venom This time, the Guild's Mission Contract is located in Calroni Kingdom. The assassination of Duke Dorian Scaburi.",Zato So that's it.
Venom Sir. Anything further?,Zato I'm going...
Venom The Guild's...future?...No.,Zato When the Holy War is over...what happens next?
"Venom The War economy will convert to a Common economy. The political power structures will chafe during the transition, and we, the Assassins' Guild will be in high demand.","Zato Precisely. And that growth will give birth to ""market competitors."""
"Venom""Market competitors""?","Zato Soldiers can return from the battlefield, but we who function as Assassins are shunned by public opinion. If someone could grasp our destructive nature in battle, the seeds of battle would spread, sown, and be cultivated. New techniques would develop for a new generation."
Venom Indeed.,"Zato Great battle potential would breed a receptacle for bounty hunters, and then..."
Venom Assassination work...?,"Zato Exactly. Ten years from now our own Guild will be thrown in upheaval. They'll come to possess a puppet army rivalling Millia's design. Understanding what she is, is the key."
Venom As expected of Master...but I...,"Zato Save the questions for later. The best one suited for this mission is Millia, that's all there is to it."
Venom Sir! *salute*,Zato Venom...are you happy with this life?
Venom The very same.,Zato What?
"Venom Even if I only had one choice in my path, I would choose this one. I have no regrets.","Zato Is that so...about what I said, just forget it."
"Millia Such a pretty dress...a little hard to move in, but not bad at all.",Zato Do you like it?
Millia It'll get soaked in blood eventually...,Zato What's that mean? It's so you'd fit in with everyone.
Millia Who's 'everyone'?,"Zato These are nobles. This royal palace ball is a fish tank of sharks, thirsty for blood."
"Millia Aristocrats aren't all bad you know, isn't that a bit harsh?","Zato Yes, even now, there's a conflict between factions within the royal court."
"Millia Because of the weak King, the politics became chaotic, right?","Zato Well, what you've said is true enough."
Millia So where is our King?,Zato Wouldn't it be his bed-time?
Millia What's that mean?,"Zato The current ruling King of Calroni Kingdom, Salteria Calroni I is only two years old."
"Millia The royal family ends with him, and so everyone's seeking favors?",Zato It'll be tough work.
"Millia If it's so difficult, I'll just finish it quickly.",Zato Your target is...over there. Duke Scaburi.
"Millia Ah, such a charming old man.","Zato He may be charming but a shark's still a shark. He's the head behind the dissenting faction,"
"Millia Understood. Once it's evening, I'll put him to sleep for good, that okay with you?",Zato Yes. I'm counting on you.
"Millia Eh!? Ah, sorry, I appreciate it but...","Zato Ah...that is, I'm blind, you see."
Millia I'm his escort--!,"Zato Hanging out with me might be a little boring, why don't you go on ahead?"
"Female Aristocrat ...so then, shall we go?","Zato Yes. Call me Zato. So then, Millia, don't let your guard down..."
"Female Aristocrat ...I see, hehe...",Zato (2:00a.m....Millia should've finished the mission by now.)
Assassin Diversion and Disruption operations are prepared.,Zato Anomalies?
Venom There is no abnormality in the security patrols outside the palace or the castle.,"Zato The mission will commence at 03:00a.m. Once Millia's escape is confirmed, we withdraw."
Venom Sir!,Zato Millia and I are rushing in. Give us cover fire for 30 meters. Can you do it?
Castle Guard E Uuuaaahhh--!,Zato (Were they all hit...?)
Venom No targets remain...,Zato Proceed carefully...you'll die if more trouble comes.
Venom I'm grateful for the concern...Odd...there's barely sufficient security.,Zato It seems a diversion already occurred here...circle the area.
Venom Those are...flares?,Zato Even a deaf assassin can tell there's going to be a dogfight now.
"Castle Guard F Squad 2, expose the infiltrator. Squad 1, we apprehend the remaining assassins.",Zato I had a feeling it was the Guard Captain
"Despicable assassins, prepare yourselves!","Zato Hoh...Casteria's Gottfried, the famous ""Iron Whirlwind""?"
*Worth noting that Gottfried is voiced by Shishigami Bang's VA*,Zato Venom! Can I leave this area to you?
"Slayer Why? It's just been a while since I've seen the face of my ""junior"".",Zato There's nothing here for you to see at all...Founder...
Slayer I'm gone for a little while and the Organization seems to have changed quite a bit...,"Zato So now I have to earn the title of being an Assassin? I'd like to know exactly what my ""senior"" is spouting about now..."
"I'd like to know exactly what my ""senior"" is spouting about now...",Zato Why...are you here?
"Slayer So then, you think you're running a business now?",Zato It doesn't matter who it's for...the Organization functions for the Organization's own sake.
Slayer What meaning is there to an organization that's created to fill its members with sorrow!?,Zato Being hassled by whatever an old man has to say is too tedious.
"Slayer In that case, I have a few questions to ask you.","Zato I'd love to hear one of your lectures, but...now there's no time."
"Slayer So I'm being a nuisance, you say...?",Zato Indeed...senile old man...OUT OF MY WAY!
"Slayer Your rushdown is weak. You should've prepared your Instant Kill technique, that shortcoming will cost you.",Zato Ready my Instant Kill? The Leader of the Assassins needs only ask. Then I shall show you! PIERCE THROUGH!!
Slayer Is this some kind of joke? Too slow!,Zato Gwuugh--eughh!!...
Two: A killing technique's intent must be refined to it's absolute potential within the craft to support one's boast of skill.,Zato (That is...the Organization's Way...!)
"Slayer Correct! And for that 'way' to happen something must occur: Real conflict follows rules, a life and death struggle's outcome is not decided by prideful intent. A man must thrive in conflict, a man who can stand alone and inspire those below him is unstoppable. As you are now, you are insufficient!",Zato (Is he forcing me on the defensive!?)
Slayer THIS IS--DANDY-ZOOM!!,Zato Guuwaaaaa!
"Slayer Well then, care to talk with me for a little bit now, young Assassin?",Zato Hehhh...ennhh...sorry but...there's no...TIME!!
Slayer Hoh!,Zato BEHOLD ITS COMING: EXPAND!! AMORPHOUS!!
"Slayer Isn't that a taboo question, Mr. Rookie?",Zato Nuo--!?
"Slayer Youngster...excessive killing intent, but a trembling fighting spirit. You have me worried.",Zato Honorable elder...GET OUT OF MY--!
"Slayer Aaaaah, so it's that young girl you're worried about, Ms. Millia I think her name is...?",Zato Na!!--don't touch her!
Slayer Vulnerable!,Zato Guuuaaaa...uhuhhhk...hahh...from the very beginning...why do you know Millia!?
Slayer My eyes couldn't help but behold such a charming Mademoiselle. Is she your lover?,Zato That's right...But that's why I have no time and need to hurry!
Slayer Hm? And then what?,"Zato An important subordinate was caught and I can't disgracefully abandon her, because this is something a head leader must do! This time, please step aside, IMMORTAL MONSTER!"
"Slayer Your resolution is good, but your soul's depth ISN'T QUITE THERE YET!!",Zato Oouugh...Khh...impossible...I cast aside the light for...the Forbidden Beast's power...yet I'm still this weak--!? Guhh!!
"Slayer Don't feel bad; you aren't weak, I am just too strong. But your soul's radiance is not bad, quite elegant in fact...With you as its Leader, your Organization's future has interesting potential to grow in this era. It was an honor to fight you, however brief.",Zato Uughh...so you're satisfied just with that much is what you mean?...How disturbing...
"Slayer Au revoir! I've interfered enough, you don't need to worry about the girl.",Zato Mill...ia...
Millia My hair can't move...this is a high level magic sealing prison.....but...why are they keeping me alive? If I'm kept in constant pain and isolation eventually I'll...die...freezing...in the cold...and then they'll eventually kill me afterwards...,"Zato Come to me, Millia...пј‰"
Millia Stop it!!,"Zato The way of an Assassin is more than one path, you know...пј‰"
Millia No!! Why do you keep calling for me even now!?,Zato You want to live happily...don't you?пј‰
Millia What I want...What I want!?...These chains have bound me to this frigid world to die--I don't want this anymore!!!,Venom Master Zato! Are you all right!?
"Venom Sir...However, I must object to the consumption of alcohol while you're still bleeding, it is bad for your body.",Zato I'll say it again: pour me a sherry. It's a drink from my home town.
"Venom Your drink, sir.",Zato Haaa......Millia...did you escape safely...?
"Venom No...there was no confirmation. She was spotted and apprehended, there is no mistake.",Zato I see......Open a line to Lord Maining. We can't allow him custody of Millia.
"Venom But sir, our laws state that when an Assassin has been arrested, suicide is their only redemption! And you wish to negotiate--!?","Zato She and I are not Assassins. We are kindred Forbidden Beasts, weapons born on the battlefield. Money can't buy that!"
Venom Because of that?,Zato Just that.
"Venom As you wish it. A moment, please.",Zato ...(Millia)...
Venom Apologies for the delay. Lord Maining on the line.,"Leon So, young Zato, you really blundered this time..."
"Leon Don't joke around...I've grown fond of that beauty we captured, the rumors about her were no lie. Fortunately, my informants have assured me...that meddlesome cabinet minister has been silenced...we were able to bribe him.","Zato I am deeply ashamed. We regard that girl as a treasured daughter, I humbly ask that you please return her to us..."
"Leon Hmph...very well. But, even for a traditional child of the Assassin Guild, she's a commoner. Before I return her to you, however...I've got another job for you...",Zato Alright then. Well...who is it?
Leon Heheh...his Majesty the King...is your target.,"Zato So I see. In exchange for Millia's head, we shall stake the reputation of the Assassin's Guild to assure the fulfillment of this task."
Venom Millia!?,Zato Millia...!?
"Millia I was unsealed by Slayer, that meddlesome old man.",Zato Slayer?...Now I see.
Venom Who is that?,"Zato One of the Founders of our Guild, lost to time. Even compared to our abnormal talents, he's immeasurably a monster."
"Venom I don't like this...A former Founder, even more a Guild Outsider?","Enough, Master Zato, to allow yourself to be surrounded by so many stray dogs prowling around, I must--!"
Venom But--!,"Zato Venom, you forget yourself."
"Venom...your wisdom is valuable to the Organization, but that value means nothing if a hit* is lost.",Venom Master Zato! *Salute*
"Millia Well, what now? Will we continue our tactical plans for Calroni Kingdom?","Zato That was not our original intention, but, as of now we have something we need to obtain there."
Millia What did you say?,"Zato You returned home too late. We were given a job, in negotiation for your head."
Millia Now wait just a minute--!?,"Zato His Royal Majesty the King, child of 2 years..."
This isn't an assassination! This is infamy!,Zato I'm insane. *Stated Coldly*
"No, for ANY Assassin wouldn't this be crossing the line!? Un-ghh!?","Zato I expected you to say that, thanks for the informed opinion."
Assassins can't get involved in this...right!?,Zato Don't you dare call for Slayer...
"I don't see any resemblance of that here, fighting that benefits no one...","But...you don't understand, do you Zato!? I hate it, I can't stand it! BUT STILL YOU--!"
Venom I'VE HEARD ENOUGH!!,Millia Venom!? If you're trying to get between Zato and I just--
Venom THIS WAS FOR YOUR SAKE...AND IF YOU STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS--!,"Zato That's enough, Venom! And Millia..."
"Venom My apologies, sir. I have...lost my composure...","Zato Man gives in to emotional instincts. You're both Assassins, right? That's why you can understand this."
Millia But to kill...a child?,Zato To kill a king. With precision.
"Millia But, it's still as I thought, children will continue to fall in to hell...",Zato To live despite these times is like waiting in a living hell. Am I wrong?
Millia It's true. Venom and I live this way because we were rescued...,"Zato Living to take hold of what you can to continue to exist, that's what I believe in..."
Venom *Salute* Sir!,Zato I've decided. This is time-sensitive.
then secure an escape route.,Venom It shall be done. As for Master Zato's position?
Millia And me...? Am I supposed to hold down the fort?,"Zato Millia, I want you to watch my back."
Venom Keeghhh...!! *Seething*,Zato You failed because we weren't prepared for their army last time.
My body feels stiff from being in that prison seal.,"Zato That's fine. We're going, Venom."
For another child to feel that again...I'm tired of it...I hate it...,"Choosing me, instead of that child...all I see in Zato's dark eyes is a hatred I don't want..."
Slayer Seize it! Your future!пј‰,Millia Future!? Zato's...and mine...?
Millia I'm surprised. Such a large lake surrounding the estate...,"Zato A while ago, during the Crusades, a Gear made a crater here."
Millia What's the mission?,"Zato Venom's detatched squad will assault the barrier-unit from the front,"
"During that time, you and I will quickly slip inside.",*Zato aggressively gets on top of Millia*
Millia Ah!?--What the hell are you doing at a time like this..?!,Zato What better time than now...?
*A large explosion is heard in the distance*,Zato It's started...
Super Soldier A Goohh!,Zato It's a good thing I work best in the shadows...INVITE HELL!!
Super Soldier B ...Kill...Assassin...kill...,Zato Hoh...even though that was a direct hit...
Millia Sorry...I came across these men last time I was at the castle. Just cutting them won't kill them.,Zato Just like the 'Original Assassin' they met before...?* *He's referring to Slayer*
Millia Who's that?,Zato Our founder.
Super Soldier D Guuuuuooooohhhhhgaaahhh!! *Another Soldier charges in.*,Zato Out of the way!! *Zato mows him down with Eddie*
Super Soldier D Goohhwaaa!!,Zato The Crusades have begun again...even though they started a long time ago...
Millia So then...the drugs these guys are taking?,Zato Probably...now I see...
Millia Really...very shallow...,Zato After all...strange talents of that nature GRANT POWER!!
Millia Within us dwell Forbidden Beasts from the past!!,Zato We are the children!
Millia Exactly!,Zato EXECUTOOOR!!*Zato's body wraps itself in a large sword of darkness.*
Super Soldiers Guwaahh---Gwaaagghhhh--!!,"Zato Willing to endure the pain, yet they carelessly avoid the truth."
But...the body is human flesh after all and cannot exceed its limits!,Millia Ah! Zato--!
Super Soldier E Shiyaaaahhhh!!!,"Zato Can you avoid it, Millia!?!"
Millia I'll have to!!,Zato To steal a woman's pride--! Rude annoying gnats!!
*Millia is on the verge of a breakdown*,"Zato Survive the job and live, survive your existence and live...Let's go, Millia...*"
Millia So this is where his Royal Highness sleeps...,Zato Like his cute sleeping face?
"Millia Yeah, just like an angel. Are the explosives ready?","Zato Almost. Once it ignites, this corner of the room will open up to an escape route secured by our 'client'."
"Millia We've already dispatched the defense force here, so it's just you, me, and his Majesty the King in this area...",Zato Seems that way...*Sigh* So this is the future of our Guild...
who only play with the predetermined hand they were dealt with?,"Zato If you were dealt a bad hand, sometimes you have to take the fall..."
Millia What about this baby who doesn't have the power to defy anyone...?,Zato The hand of a child--
I want to exist in the future I believe in! With no doubts!,"That's why, Zato!...This is goodbye...truly goodbye!"
Millia HA!,Zato ...Unthinkable...for Millia to brood like this...
"Leon Well, I just came by to thank you for all your hard work...","Zato But such a thing...like the gunpowder I smell is taboo for use*, correct?"
"Leon I greatly fear his Majesty the King has been grievously harmed by a rebel! Imperial Guards, shoot him down!!",Zato Now I see...
Leon What!? He's reflecting our strongest volley!! I can't believe what I'm seeing!,Zato You've been exposed! You're no opponent of mine!! (*Zato phases into the fog*)
Castle Guard Sir! Prepping bayonets!,Zato (Gnehhh...missed my vital points...Millia...in the end she dared to stab me...Heh...I have to thank that woman for piercing me.
And if he couldn't do that he'd just use me...That's why...),"Zato ...So the child wants a toy of his own, does he?"
Slayer Need some help...?,Zato Founder...What's the real reason behind your excessive curiousity and meddling?
Slayer I see...it's because you make me laugh.,Zato What a bad joke...
Slayer And Millia?,"Zato Stabbed me, snatched away the king and fled the castle. Thanks to not having that sense of virtue, I was humiliated."
"Slayer It's regrettable that your getting stabbed couldn't be avoided. Not so fortunate to be born a man, were you?","Zato Thanks but, that clever commentary doesn't help."
Slayer Did you even want to try this? (Slayer is looking at the night sky.),"Zato Counting stars, eh...well...when I lost my eyesight I gave up stargazing long ago..."
"Slayer So because you can't hear the music, you refuse to dance?",Zato Founder...you meddle far too much...Lord Slayer's opinion differs from mine. I am an Assassin...not a creature you pat on the head and comfort no matter what.
Slayer So you're the Master now?,"Zato No, I disagree...I'm a dog...just the leader of the pack. The Master of the House will never wait for an unsightly stray dog to return home."
Slayer Where does this 'Alpha Wolf' plan to lead his pack?,"Zato We await the time our 'Master' will appear. And, until that day comes, we continue to strike at 'them'*."
Slayer And if this 'Master' were to pat you on the head...?,Zato It's because we're all orphans......What a wonderful smell...is that a Poplar blossom?
"They're so gentle and fluffy, it's like looking at a cloudy day after snow falls...",Zato Poplars...remind me of my Birthday.
Slayer Hm?,"Zato 1-28 (January 28th), in the language of flowers...Poplars mean Courage."
"Slayer Really, to analyze everything to that extent, you are something else.",Zato Aside from its definition though...Millia loves these flowers.
Slayer Listen to you! There's a limit to how refined a young man like you is supposed to be!,Zato Hehe...As for the definition of Easter Lilies--
"Leon Assassin, you gave us a lot of trouble you know...",Zato Well if it isn't Lord Maining...I got a little tired from running so I took a little break. Nice garden you have here.
"Slayer I'm just an old man, I just happen to be well-informed.","Zato Now then, Lord Maining, your greedy lust for power is limited to a single arm, as I figured. However, my Forbidden Beast dwells inside my entire body."
"As for me, a man has to eat* even bastards like you. You understand, don't you? It's a large-scale takeover.","Zato So you plan to turn Calroni Kingdom into a new Assassin's Guild, and take control of that World of Darkness for yourself?"
"Slayer Quite insightful...However, if we were to follow that path, a World of Carnage will be the only thing born from that War.","Well...I think I'll leave this to you, Zato."
Leon What are you saying! You...!,Zato Lord Maining...it's expected of humanity to assume you are the 'Light'...
Leon Such a creepy underhanded remark...I'm the light you say?,"Zato That's right. When rays of the sun's light burn, a deep shadow falls!"
Leon Why you...!!,"Zato This is my declaration, Maining:"
Soldier It's no good! We can't fight a monster!! Mommy! MOMMY!!,Zato Now then...will you kindly step aside?
Your lips were sealed so why!? When I'm so close to grasping supremacy!!?,Slayer But this is reality: Zato's power CAN stop you. You and your whole Imperial Army should just give up!
Slayer Hn?,Zato This sensation is--!
Leon Hehaahahahahahahehe~! Surpass humans! Surpass Gears! Make this devoted Assassin cease to exist!,You brats can't look down on me anymore! Zato!!
Millia Why you--you pulled your Cue back at the last second! And just now I was going to--!,Venom Master Zato...wished to spare that child. My orders were absolute!
Millia That was--!?,Venom Master Zato's Forbidden Beast!!?
Venom What a foolish question...,Millia To Zato's side...but...
Slayer Oh dear...at this rate even my old self won't be able compete with something that massive.,"Zato Small talk aside, my Forbidden Beast isn't faring much better. My Shadow is growing weaker."
"Slayer Because of our small numbers, our total attack power is as poor as throwing a Sugar Cube into the sea...",Zato If only my Forbidden Beast could strike at their cores...then the conflict would--
"Leon Hehehahaha~ You're bluffing! The powers of Science and Magic combined can control my God Series! My ""Arm"" cannot be severed!","Slayer Give me a break...this brat is beyond help. In that case...Zato, let's head some distance away and let this guy do as he pleases!"
Slayer But--...,Millia Zato!
God Series HUUUWWWAAAAAAAHHHHH....!,Zato You two!?
"Slayer It seems you still have romance! It's just a tiny bit of light, but I wonder if someday that World of Shadows will shine with radiance!",Zato Enough with the bad jokes!
Millia And this child...?,"Zato The contract is nulled. He's your responsibility, but...the moment you leave my ""sight"" you become an enemy. Venom!"
"Venom Though I've lost 20% of my blood and 8 of my bones are broken, this Venom's Soul shall remain flawless!!","Zato Good! Millia! Once I expose the monsters' cores, I want you to use ""Winger"" and smash them!"
Slayer Ahh...not to trouble you here...but my turn is over.,"Zato Please observe us, then."
Slayer Oh?,"Zato For the seeds you scattered to blossom into flowers, obligation and heart are required to observe those seeds so that they blossom."
Slayer Very well!,Zato LET'S GO!
God Series --HUUUWWWAAAAAAAHHHHH!,Zato Got it! DAMNED FANG!! TEAR THEM OPEN!!
God Series --GAH-GAHHRRR...YAHRRR!,Zato --MILLIA RAGE!!
Slayer Such magnificent skill!,"Zato How you hang upside down without getting a nosebleed I have no idea, but did I at least get passing marks?"
Slayer That's right...this was a test!,Zato That's harsh.
I was the examiner.,Zato At least give...Venom and Millia some time to rest. My subordinates need more time to think about their futures...
Slayer That's the spirit!...And maybe you could...,Zato You still need something?
"Slayer No, it's not that important but, I missed hearing you talk about Millia's favorite flower in flower language. I'd like to hear it.","Zato Ah...the Easter Lily in flower language means ""the desire to have children""..."
"Slayer That desire and your desire clash you know. It might be troublesome to pray for such a wish. Farewell then, Young Assassin!","Zato The next time we meet...I shall present you with your defeat, First Assassin!"
Millia Is it a good idea...to keep Lord Maining alive?,Zato Do you want to kill him?
Millia That's not what I mean...,"Zato This was Venom's advice: were that man to die, a civil war would certainly break out in Calronia."
Millia I see...and...about me?,Zato Your mission was cancelled. Because you betrayed the mission in ignorance.
Millia How sweet of you.,Zato That's not all...I meant what I said about that child being your responsibility.
Millia What are you planning?,"Zato That child will be raised within the Organization, until such time as Foster Parents can be found."
Millia You think we can go back to how it was? I betrayed you! I'll say it again: I might betray you again!,"Zato If you leave the Organization now, there will be no negotiations. If you betray us: you can be certain someone will be dispatched to eliminate you."
Millia I see. Venom will be pleased.,Zato Millia...you're needed within the Organization...No...I find you ESSENTIAL as a human being! I beg you not to forget that!
Millia Understood. But I won't run...,"Millia (I will never run, Zato...Someday I will come back here. And at that time...I will...surpass you.)"
